# M1_APP_TIMETABLESCHEDULER
Introduction:
  In universities, automated timetables are used to arrange courses, lectures, and rooms while taking into account certain constraints. Timetables
that are inconvenient and ineffective frequently squander time and money. As a result, it's critical to look at the requirements and possible 
demands of users. As a result, eliciting University Timetable Management System user requirements and their implications becomes a crucial task 
for TMS implementation. On that basis, the purpose of this work is to offer a requirements model for the University Timetable Management System. 
This paradigm provides developers with a more effective and efficient platform for producing a high-quality TMS by combining quantitative and 
qualitative methods.Research:
https://help.asctimetables.com/text.php?id=1185&lang=en
  This is from asc scheduler which has lot of feature in it,the extra room for extended tests and changes can be done by the staffs of college and end result is viewed by the students.
Cost feature and timeline:
https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Automatic-Time-Table-Generator-Saritha-Vaze/8721c2043c83777c15b68c5bb31b4337e46c9534
  The timeline of the timetable scheduler is been from long time like traditionally from paper sheets and now there are softwares to do it.places like asc,adobe and more has come with timetable scheduler ,in this project things covered for college faculty and students with easy use of the application made.that means an easy to use gui.
Defining our system:
	Our system actually has login page from there using credentials it takes to page created by the organization for the user .if it was accessed by the teacher it could be add new things to the table,but if it is used by student it is on locked (only viewed).our system can be split according to the time slice of individual period and break times can be allocated by faculties .In our system faculty can blacklist a time in which no one can allocate class during that specific time.
Swot:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DQCFYTxWMsMhtZYD7vWNMzgnMl4rKcdq/view?usp=sharing
Who:
	For staffs who are in college.
What:
	Timetable scheduler to acknowledge that classes are in the venue with exact timing to enter.
When:
	During college working hours to avoid confusions along the schedule.
Where:
	In college campus.
How:
	Using an application to schedule every hour.
High level requirements
id  description                             status
1   Changing the slot and giving to others  implemented
2   Blacklisting of specific time by faculty implemented

low level requirements
id    description                           status
1     Login page                            implemented
2     Notification to users                 implemented

